---
id: v2025-account-v2
title: AccountV2
pagination_label: AccountV2
sidebar_label: AccountV2
sidebar_class_name: gosdk
keywords: ['go', 'Golang', 'sdk', 'AccountV2', 'V2025AccountV2'] 
slug: /tools/sdk/go/v2025/models/account-v2
tags: ['SDK', 'Software Development Kit', 'AccountV2', 'V2025AccountV2']
---

# AccountV2

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | The unique identifier of the account. | 
**Name** | **string** | The name of the account. | 
**NativeIdentity** | **string** | The unique ID of the account generated by the source system. | 
**Uuid** | **NullableString** | The unique ID associated with this account. | 
**Correlated** | **bool** | Indicates if the account is correlated to an identity. | 
**IsMachine** | **bool** | Indicates if the account is a machine account. | 
**Origin** | **NullableString** | The origin of the account. | 
**Attributes** | **map[string]interface{}** | The attributes of the account. The contents of attributes depends on the account schema for the source. | 

## Methods

### NewAccountV2

`func NewAccountV2(id string, name string, nativeIdentity string, uuid NullableString, correlated bool, isMachine bool, origin NullableString, attributes map[string]interface{}, ) *AccountV2`

NewAccountV2 instantiates a new AccountV2 object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAccountV2WithDefaults

`func NewAccountV2WithDefaults() *AccountV2`

NewAccountV2WithDefaults instantiates a new AccountV2 object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *AccountV2) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *AccountV2) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *AccountV2) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetName

`func (o *AccountV2) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *AccountV2) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *AccountV2) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.


### GetNativeIdentity

`func (o *AccountV2) GetNativeIdentity() string`

GetNativeIdentity returns the NativeIdentity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNativeIdentityOk

`func (o *AccountV2) GetNativeIdentityOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNativeIdentityOk returns a tuple with the NativeIdentity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNativeIdentity

`func (o *AccountV2) SetNativeIdentity(v string)`

SetNativeIdentity sets NativeIdentity field to given value.


### GetUuid

`func (o *AccountV2) GetUuid() string`

GetUuid returns the Uuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUuidOk

`func (o *AccountV2) GetUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUuidOk returns a tuple with the Uuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUuid

`func (o *AccountV2) SetUuid(v string)`

SetUuid sets Uuid field to given value.


### SetUuidNil

`func (o *AccountV2) SetUuidNil(b bool)`

 SetUuidNil sets the value for Uuid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetUuid
`func (o *AccountV2) UnsetUuid()`

UnsetUuid ensures that no value is present for Uuid, not even an explicit nil
### GetCorrelated

`func (o *AccountV2) GetCorrelated() bool`

GetCorrelated returns the Correlated field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCorrelatedOk

`func (o *AccountV2) GetCorrelatedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetCorrelatedOk returns a tuple with the Correlated field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCorrelated

`func (o *AccountV2) SetCorrelated(v bool)`

SetCorrelated sets Correlated field to given value.


### GetIsMachine

`func (o *AccountV2) GetIsMachine() bool`

GetIsMachine returns the IsMachine field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsMachineOk

`func (o *AccountV2) GetIsMachineOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsMachineOk returns a tuple with the IsMachine field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsMachine

`func (o *AccountV2) SetIsMachine(v bool)`

SetIsMachine sets IsMachine field to given value.


### GetOrigin

`func (o *AccountV2) GetOrigin() string`

GetOrigin returns the Origin field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOriginOk

`func (o *AccountV2) GetOriginOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOriginOk returns a tuple with the Origin field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOrigin

`func (o *AccountV2) SetOrigin(v string)`

SetOrigin sets Origin field to given value.


### SetOriginNil

`func (o *AccountV2) SetOriginNil(b bool)`

 SetOriginNil sets the value for Origin to be an explicit nil

### UnsetOrigin
`func (o *AccountV2) UnsetOrigin()`

UnsetOrigin ensures that no value is present for Origin, not even an explicit nil
### GetAttributes

`func (o *AccountV2) GetAttributes() map[string]interface{}`

GetAttributes returns the Attributes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAttributesOk

`func (o *AccountV2) GetAttributesOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetAttributesOk returns a tuple with the Attributes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAttributes

`func (o *AccountV2) SetAttributes(v map[string]interface{})`

SetAttributes sets Attributes field to given value.


### SetAttributesNil

`func (o *AccountV2) SetAttributesNil(b bool)`

 SetAttributesNil sets the value for Attributes to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAttributes
`func (o *AccountV2) UnsetAttributes()`

UnsetAttributes ensures that no value is present for Attributes, not even an explicit nil

