---
id: v2024-app-all-of-account
title: AppAllOfAccount
pagination_label: AppAllOfAccount
sidebar_label: AppAllOfAccount
sidebar_class_name: gosdk
keywords: ['go', 'Golang', 'sdk', 'AppAllOfAccount', 'V2024AppAllOfAccount'] 
slug: /tools/sdk/go/v2024/models/app-all-of-account
tags: ['SDK', 'Software Development Kit', 'AppAllOfAccount', 'V2024AppAllOfAccount']
---

# AppAllOfAccount

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | The SailPoint generated unique ID | [optional] 
**AccountId** | Pointer to **string** | The account ID generated by the source | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewAppAllOfAccount

`func NewAppAllOfAccount() *AppAllOfAccount`

NewAppAllOfAccount instantiates a new AppAllOfAccount object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAppAllOfAccountWithDefaults

`func NewAppAllOfAccountWithDefaults() *AppAllOfAccount`

NewAppAllOfAccountWithDefaults instantiates a new AppAllOfAccount object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *AppAllOfAccount) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *AppAllOfAccount) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *AppAllOfAccount) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *AppAllOfAccount) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccountId

`func (o *AppAllOfAccount) GetAccountId() string`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *AppAllOfAccount) GetAccountIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *AppAllOfAccount) SetAccountId(v string)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.

### HasAccountId

`func (o *AppAllOfAccount) HasAccountId() bool`

HasAccountId returns a boolean if a field has been set.


