---
id: v1-accountinfodto
title: Accountinfodto
pagination_label: Accountinfodto
sidebar_label: Accountinfodto
sidebar_class_name: gosdk
keywords: ['go', 'Golang', 'sdk', 'Accountinfodto', 'V1Accountinfodto'] 
slug: /tools/sdk/go/identities/models/accountinfodto
tags: ['SDK', 'Software Development Kit', 'Accountinfodto', 'V1Accountinfodto']
---

# Accountinfodto

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**NativeIdentity** | Pointer to **string** | The unique ID of the account generated by the source system | [optional] 
**DisplayName** | Pointer to **string** | Display name for this account | [optional] 
**Uuid** | Pointer to **string** | UUID associated with this account | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewAccountinfodto

`func NewAccountinfodto() *Accountinfodto`

NewAccountinfodto instantiates a new Accountinfodto object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAccountinfodtoWithDefaults

`func NewAccountinfodtoWithDefaults() *Accountinfodto`

NewAccountinfodtoWithDefaults instantiates a new Accountinfodto object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetNativeIdentity

`func (o *Accountinfodto) GetNativeIdentity() string`

GetNativeIdentity returns the NativeIdentity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNativeIdentityOk

`func (o *Accountinfodto) GetNativeIdentityOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNativeIdentityOk returns a tuple with the NativeIdentity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNativeIdentity

`func (o *Accountinfodto) SetNativeIdentity(v string)`

SetNativeIdentity sets NativeIdentity field to given value.

### HasNativeIdentity

`func (o *Accountinfodto) HasNativeIdentity() bool`

HasNativeIdentity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDisplayName

`func (o *Accountinfodto) GetDisplayName() string`

GetDisplayName returns the DisplayName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisplayNameOk

`func (o *Accountinfodto) GetDisplayNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDisplayNameOk returns a tuple with the DisplayName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisplayName

`func (o *Accountinfodto) SetDisplayName(v string)`

SetDisplayName sets DisplayName field to given value.

### HasDisplayName

`func (o *Accountinfodto) HasDisplayName() bool`

HasDisplayName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUuid

`func (o *Accountinfodto) GetUuid() string`

GetUuid returns the Uuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUuidOk

`func (o *Accountinfodto) GetUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUuidOk returns a tuple with the Uuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUuid

`func (o *Accountinfodto) SetUuid(v string)`

SetUuid sets Uuid field to given value.

### HasUuid

`func (o *Accountinfodto) HasUuid() bool`

HasUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.


