---
id: beta-account-attributes-changed-account
title: AccountAttributesChangedAccount
pagination_label: AccountAttributesChangedAccount
sidebar_label: AccountAttributesChangedAccount
sidebar_class_name: gosdk
keywords: ['go', 'Golang', 'sdk', 'AccountAttributesChangedAccount', 'BetaAccountAttributesChangedAccount'] 
slug: /tools/sdk/go/beta/models/account-attributes-changed-account
tags: ['SDK', 'Software Development Kit', 'AccountAttributesChangedAccount', 'BetaAccountAttributesChangedAccount']
---

# AccountAttributesChangedAccount

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | SailPoint generated unique identifier. | 
**Uuid** | **NullableString** | The source's unique identifier for the account. UUID is generated by the source system. | 
**Name** | **string** | Name of the account. | 
**NativeIdentity** | **string** | Unique ID of the account on the source. | 
**Type** | **map[string]interface{}** | The type of the account | 

## Methods

### NewAccountAttributesChangedAccount

`func NewAccountAttributesChangedAccount(id string, uuid NullableString, name string, nativeIdentity string, type_ map[string]interface{}, ) *AccountAttributesChangedAccount`

NewAccountAttributesChangedAccount instantiates a new AccountAttributesChangedAccount object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAccountAttributesChangedAccountWithDefaults

`func NewAccountAttributesChangedAccountWithDefaults() *AccountAttributesChangedAccount`

NewAccountAttributesChangedAccountWithDefaults instantiates a new AccountAttributesChangedAccount object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetUuid

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) GetUuid() string`

GetUuid returns the Uuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUuidOk

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) GetUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUuidOk returns a tuple with the Uuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUuid

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) SetUuid(v string)`

SetUuid sets Uuid field to given value.


### SetUuidNil

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) SetUuidNil(b bool)`

 SetUuidNil sets the value for Uuid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetUuid
`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) UnsetUuid()`

UnsetUuid ensures that no value is present for Uuid, not even an explicit nil
### GetName

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.


### GetNativeIdentity

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) GetNativeIdentity() string`

GetNativeIdentity returns the NativeIdentity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNativeIdentityOk

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) GetNativeIdentityOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNativeIdentityOk returns a tuple with the NativeIdentity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNativeIdentity

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) SetNativeIdentity(v string)`

SetNativeIdentity sets NativeIdentity field to given value.


### GetType

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) GetType() map[string]interface{}`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) GetTypeOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *AccountAttributesChangedAccount) SetType(v map[string]interface{})`

SetType sets Type field to given value.



